# How to Use sortAndBlock.lua 1.0.1
For computercraft 1.6.5

If already set up:  To launch, just 
type the name of the script file, for 
example "srt".  It does not need any 
fuel, because though the turtle 
rotates, it does not need to move from 
place to place.

## Purpose
This was written to deal with tons of
items that can be crafted into blocks 
for better storage or building, by
using the 3-by-3 item recipe.

The initial usage sites are automated
iron factories, melon producers and 
wheat farms.

Version 1.0.1 can deal with these item 
types: melon, wheat, diamond, emerald,
iron ingot, gold nugget, gold ingot, 
redstone, and coal.

Note, lapis lazuli is not (yet) 
supported.

## Setup
This uses what we'll call "Crafty", 
that is, a turtle that has been 
equipped with a crafting table. Place 
Crafty so that the source chest is 
directly in front of it. Place a 
chest for non-block items to Crafty's
left side, and a chest for blocks to
its right.
